what is up ladies and gentlemen it is
time algae expert and today i have a
quick tutorial on how to scan your
documents to Microsoft Word 2010 most
people thought it got removed from the
previous edition but all you guys are
wrong so aha and first you're going to
open up Microsoft Word obviously you're
going to click file options and then
customize ribbon then you're going to go
over your keyboard shortcuts click
customize and go all the way down over
here to all commands click that go down
to insert and now you have to find
insert image your scan you're going to
click that and you're going to make a
shortcut key I only have one control s
it's pretty good because it's the ctrl s
and S stands for scan but you can do
whatever you want so one two so you can
do whatever ctrl T or R whatever what I
want to keep it as ctrl F so then you're
going to click assign and then close
you're going to close this and once
you're back here where you started
you're going to press ctrl F and then
this should come up and you're gonna if
you want to insert it regularly and it
doesn't matter you um you can just do
this click enter but if you want a
custom insert you will have to click
this and will come up right now so if
you want to make it a document feeder or
a flatbed you can choose between them
you can customize how small you want to
make it where you want to put it stuff
like that
so I'll just point back to this you're
gonna so if you're you can you have to
click on custom settings if you're using
if you're doing this but
if you if you want just a regular
picture you can do this click color
picture which is what I'm not going to
do want to click custom settings and I
move this now you if you want to see the
preview you're going to go click preview
and um and if you don't want to see it
just click scan and it will just start
happening it might take a few seconds so
if it doesn't work at the beginning
don't just start thinking you got it
wrong so here it is um yeah gift card a
$10 gift card I got for all I know I
just got down to my house so now you're
not clicks again once you've seen your
preview and it's actually scanning right
now so it can wait a few seconds and all
resume is recording one extra ok guys so
my thing scanned and now you can change
the size ok whatever you want but you
can't rotate it for some reason I don't
know why but I will come up for solution
with that I know I will come up with a
solution for that I just messed up so
bad
ok guys so I hope this tutorial helped
you and I will see you guys later bye